two
hello friends today we are going to make a mini
set a channel talking about control of the
new station you will remember that in some
episodes any of the episodes
We taught you how to synchronize the
station with the receiver that carries a
mini set to synchronize the new station
x1 k and sf for mini z
with a lot 6,007 round January 03 after
from that video many of you
you have sent doubts to do the
same synchronization operation but with
the new station is the basic point of
manual learn to synchronize the car
with the emission beam as process is
practically the same changes a bit the
nomenclature and change that instead of
activate it in a mini electronics
We will do it in a receiver
4 channel car than those that have
with the station or any other receiver
CaO that ye may let's do it
quick but you will see step by step how
we do it for it I'll need for a
side the station we have here in
our briefcase
of killer sniper with the pieces
we have the station ready to ride
we disassembled the modules that compose it
we try to work correctly
let's do it in a car durango
here we have the car
durango text 210 with receiver with group
d
four channels that is the one that comes with
this central unit that is the unit
central 2.4 gigahertz system f hs
what we will need is to raise a little
the car so that the rear wheels do not
are in contact with the ground we
we reassure ourselves with the bachín and that
we can easily access the
receiver and the process I will repeat it
step by step but it's the same one that happens
that in this central mine in this unit
master the name of the function for
synchronize changes then for that there
Some user who has not found the
function
start the station we will say
to the smallest system that you have here
down on the screen
we will make a close-up so that what
you see in a system we go inside and
we have this difference from here 2.4
in this function and here gives us to choose
the type of operability with which
the station works that would be either
general or it puts easy brake
these next you know makes reference
that in France by legislation can not
broadcast the stations intended for the use of
radio control to the same power as in
the rest of europe
then if we were in France
we would have to activate it with this
This is also done by the
old models of cape through
module but this station would already take it
in the minister, it is not necessary because
emits at least power and that a 2.4
normal
we leave it in general mode we put
on the start button and we press ok
until the screen changes and as you see
we already get the station with the little arrow
towards the receiver now we have to
operate in the car we connect the battery
which is loaded clear
receiver off and with the receiver
off we will press the little button of the
receiver while we launch the
car
we let go
we let a few seconds let go the light it
turn off when it is turned on again
it is synchronized we turn off car
we turn off good we do not turn off station in
this case we give outgoing
the station is ready the screen
initial is ready to operate
we start car
the light and extractive is already synchronized
you can see the injection how it acts
perfectly and the gas
as it also works well and the little light
it has already been turned on now
we have synchronized this receiver with
this central unit if we had more
receivers of more cars we can repeat
this operation because what you want
synchronized is precisely the receiver
who is the one who keeps the information of a
what station to ignore and there may be
several synchronized with only one
station
we turn off the car
we turn off the station and turn off the TV
see you in the next video
subscribe if you are not to a channel
our youtube family 7 channel and
do a like if you like this guy
of tutorials this kind of videos that
we make
this one in particular and get us there
your comments we'll see you too
tomorrow in the next video